https://drive.google.com/file/d/12X2WQ14PxkcgFFU39WQxWFT41w974PqJ/view?usp=sharing

i always wanted me and my friends to stay the same ... one unit ... grouped together .. 
but in the blink of an eye , ... live splitted each of us , the problem here is who changes whome .. 
and the answer is live , nature , buiseness .. non of them is real thing to prevent it or him or her from doing this
but all what u know when u wake up everyday .. change is coming .. if u wanted it or not .. everything will change  


 I know about all the problems, but what is the bottom line? What will happen?
 The bottom line is that you have to go to the meeting because no one else can.


 sensational in appearance or thrilling in effect; My life recently have Dramatically changed

Decade mean a period of ten years .. and can come in another meaning to express had things to do 

breaking down something that's mean u have beaten it with some how

he was a trailblazer for many ideas that are now standard fare

rival
a person or thing competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity.
he has no serious rival for the job

Enviously

turnaround

<<<<<<< HEAD

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



60 secnds pitch >> it's vital piece of your business especiallu if u are a part of networking groups where you 
frequently need to introduce yourself and your buisness very quickly .
1 fact/static 
2 benefit of ur services 
3 example of your result 
4 conclusion
6 memory hook

assets : 
Anything of material value or usefulness that is owned by a person or company
I felt like a failure with no future, no money, no assets, and lots of credit card debt.
The general rule is to secure enough insurance to cover the total value of all your assets.

boot camp : special event or course or place specialized to train people for specefic purpose or 
teaching them a specefic skill in very short amount of time 


The break-even point is the point at which total cost and total revenue are equal,
 meaning there is no loss or gain for your small business. In other words,
 you've reached the level of production at which the costs of production equals the revenues for a product.



The Business Model Canvas is a strategic management template used for developing new business models and documenting existing ones.
[2][3] It offers a visual chart with elements describing a firm's or product's value proposition, infrastructure, customers, and finances,
[1] assisting businesses to align their activities by illustrating potential trade-offs.




What Are Capital Expenditures (CapEx)?
Capital expenditures (CapEx) are funds used by a company to acquire, upgrade,
and maintain physical assets such as property, plants, buildings, technology,
or equipment. CapEx is often used to undertake new projects or investments by a company.

Making capital expenditures on fixed assets can include repairing a roof,
purchasing a piece of equipment, or building a new factory.
This type of financial outlay is made by companies to increase the scope of their operations or
add some economic benefit to the operation


A carbon footprint is the total amount of greenhouse gases (including carbon dioxide and methane)
that are generated by our actions. ... 
To have the best chance of avoiding a 2℃ rise in global temperatures, 
the average global carbon footprint per year needs to drop to under 2 tons by 2050.


Crowdfunding is the practice of funding a project or venture 
by raising small amounts of money from a large number of people, in modern times typically via ...


conversion as, “The point at which a recipient of a marketing message performs a desired action.” In other words,
conversion is simply getting someone to respond to your call-to-action.


Customer Acquisition Cost, or CAC, measures how much an organization spends to acquire new customers.
CAC – an important business metric – is the total cost of sales and marketing efforts,
as well as property or equipment, needed to convince a customer to buy a product or service.

What Are Customer Pain Points? Put simply, customer pain points are a specific problem that customers
 or prospective customers of your business are experiencing in the marketplace. 
They are essentially any problems that the customer may experience along their customer journey.


A business angel is a private individual, often with a high net-worth,
 and usually with business experience, 
who directly invests part of their assets in new and growing private businesses. 
Business angels can invest individually or as part of a syndicate where one angel typically takes the lead role


can change 

measure that change 


themself
them 

full engaged in the change 


1- think of the change fatiuge , get the customers passion and enthiouthem about the change 

2- ability to get leaders engaged and alined to the change 




=======
>>>>>>> master
